Qualification: Any Engineering/ Computers degree

Roles & Responsibilities:

Designing, developing, and implementing generative AI models and algorithms utilizing state-of-the-art techniques such as GPT, VAE, GANs & LLMs.
Generate required data using data generation techniques,
Implement the data storages/vector storages required for models
Use robust Gen AI/LLM frameworks like Langchain to build the model
Develop, test and deploy models
Collaborating with cross-functional teams to define AI project requirements and objectives, ensuring alignment with overall business goals.
Conducting research to stay up-to-date with the latest advancements in generative AI, machine learning, and deep learning techniques and identify opportunities to integrate them into our products.
Optimizing existing generative AI models for improved performance, scalability, and efficiency.
Developing and maintaining AI pipelines, including data preprocessing, feature extraction, model training, and evaluation.
Developing clear and concise documentation, including technical specifications, user guides, and presentations, to communicate complex AI concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Contributing to the establishment of best practices and standards for generative AI development within the organization.
Providing technical mentorship and guidance to junior team members.

Key Requirements:


You have a degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field.
You have solid experience developing and implementing generative AI models, with a strong understanding of deep learning techniques such as GPT, VAE, GANs, LLMs.(Ollama, HuggingFace, OpenAPI)
You are proficient in Python/R and have experience with machine learning/LLM/Gen AI libraries and frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Keras, Langchain, RAG.
Concepts on how LLM applications are built, image generation, text generation models
Familiarity with Guardrails
You are familiar with cloud-based platforms and services, such as AWS, GCP, or Azure.
You have experience with natural language processing (NLP) techniques and tools, such as SpaCy, NLTK, or Hugging Face.
Minimum 2+ years of experience in NLP, LLMs, Gen AI models development
Familiarity with any database

AI/ML, GPT, VAE, GANs, LLMs, Python, Langchain, RAG.